King Kong block address Brian how are
you what's that yeah hold on real quick
do you have the names and addresses do
you have a roommate by the way her this
now don't you owe me an enormous amount
of money not quite you know what's
really frightening about that don't you
think that these guys wanna be hip what
please stop really interrupting your
guests and shut up
thank you for calling Stuart Creek this
isn't matter how could help you know
what what does it mean please stop
really interrupting your gas and shut up
do you have a roommate by the way no I
guess you want two dates with guys right
yeah now don't you owe me an enormous
amount of money oh no all right I'm just
tired of this stuff tired of what I want
to marry a guy and a babe yeah I'm a
bisexual you are and I never had any sex
with my parents I mean I had oral sex
with my father lasted about two minutes
who is this this is a place of business
she shouldn't be calling saying that
stuff shit you shut up
oh come on Zack money something I can
help you are you sure
hello this is wrong good I'm sorry
not very well for you today what sighs
hello I think you her nut I did can I
put my finger in your ass
you can stop calling me please hello
anything I think you who knows yeah good
can I put my finger in your ass what
size penis you have my i-20 exceed you
who knows we do have a trace on her
phone so I need to talk right calls get
traced constantly are you stroking your
car yeah the police are going to be
notified about your number can I put my
finger in your ass hello Amy
oh I got someone on the phone how are
you why are you no I'm fine I'm a adult
film star oh damn I making you HOT
losers are you stroking your cock
you